hello everyone I'm Chris Darin at for
poker news at the 2011 World Series of
Poker I am here sevonmukhe Aaron who is
usually doing my job he is playing the
$1,000 buy-in the seniors event now when
I was watching the updates on pilgrim
news and I saw that you're not doing too
well in the first couple of levels here
what's been going on I have the worst
players of my table
you're right I'm getting hands running
into bigger hands on it's like I made
one mistake it cost me a few hundred but
I don't feel bad about that you know
pretty normal day so far a long way to
go just gonna start slow and gently
grind it up if I get some Norman Chad
mojo and me I'll be okay I did virtually
I'm actually I was given all my Twitter
followers the updates minute the minute
talking Norman did a little pregame
interview with him on Twitter and I'm
thrilled to death form talking last
night he finished well had a great
finish he was very happy and we're
thrilled for him and you know anybody
that goes deep do we know you got a
swell you know that also very funny as
well so what's your what's your schedule
like are you only playing this event or
are there others you're gonna play no I
just came in for this event I left just
an hour flight away so I try to play
this every year it's a good excuse
Father's Day and my kids can cheer me on
and they don't have to buy me a present
so it's a it's a double win okay so are
you getting ready for all the ESPN
coverage
I am getting ready and actually we've
done a lot of work already for if you
did some of the live stuff on espn3 the
grudge matches and that heads up 25k so
our next event will be seen the Poker
Players Championship at 50k before that
though we act here voicing the 25k heads
up event for air on ESPN and luckily
there's not a lot of players and bombs
so and I did all the research for the
live broadcast so I'm pretty good there
they pro coke production editing right
now we'll get a preview copy of it
hopefully in the next week or so and
then we'll finish those up and then
beginning July 6 with a 50k we'll be
doing that live without hole cards and
then from day three on to the end of the
main event we'll be doing live coverage
several hours of the day on the ESPN 3
espn2 and then ESPN one towards the end
so we're very excited a lot of research
but you know that's what we do we could
be lifting heavy objects know that you
guys are the ones who actually do the
research and you're going to have people
feeding you everything that's coming on
your mouth no that's part of why they
hire so we have a terrific research team
that does get a lot of bio information
on the players but it does fall on us to
try to make it more interesting than
just watching people you know throw
cards in the mine so we have a good
rapport and we try to bring up the color
and we try to have the fun in it and you
know hopefully people enjoy it so far
you know we've done you know our ninth
year now coming up so so far so good I
love it now good luck and I want you to
best some and shed oh I love to no I
don't think this is a rebuy event but
everyone wants me to rebuy they're gonna
rebuy for me so I can give them more
chips that's it being charming thank you
so much and good luck
thank you much Krister net with lawn
McCarran for poker news doc